[Music]
where's
oh hey there baby what the hell are you
doing here
i'm commissioned to this flight we
haven't got time for this right now put
her in the sperry until we get up in the
air i'm supposed to guard this i'll
guard it for you
what's your name honey flight officer
garrett ain't no women in the air corps
i'm a flight mechanic and a pilot you're
not a pilot you're a delivery girl
sir requesting permission to fire on an
enemy attacker
you wouldn't even know how to fire a gun
i was being polite
she was right who the hell are you miss
garrett what is she here for
did you hear that what the hell is that
racket there's something on top of it
playing something another goddamn time
[Music]
here they
these irregularities started with that
package
you have no idea how far i'll go how did
you get up here
[Music]
welcome back to the party baby
strapping yes ma'am
you